Added external spi flash driver. (#15419)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/flash_driver.md

`FLASH_DRIVER = spi`               | Supports writing to almost all NOR Flash chips. See the driver section below.

## SPI FLASH Driver Configuration :id=spi-flash-driver-configuration

Currently QMK supports almost all NOR Flash chips over SPI. As such, requires a working spi_master driver configuration. You can override the driver configuration via your config.h:

`config.h` override                            | Description                                                                          | Default Value
-----------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------
`#define EXTERNAL_FLASH_SPI_SLAVE_SELECT_PIN`  | SPI Slave select pin in order to inform that the FLASH is currently being addressed  | _none_
`#define EXTERNAL_FLASH_SPI_CLOCK_DIVISOR`     | Clock divisor used to divide the peripheral clock to derive the SPI frequency        | `18`
`#define EXTERNAL_FLASH_PAGE_SIZE`             | The Page size of the FLASH in bytes, as specified in the datasheet                   | 256

> `#define EXTERNAL_FLASH_SECTOR_SIZE`           | The sector size of the FLASH in Kbytes, as specified in the datasheet                | 4
> `#define EXTERNAL_FLASH_BLOCK_SIZE`            | The block size of the FLASH in Kbytes, as specified in the datasheet                 | 64
> `#define EXTERNAL_FLASH_SIZE`                  | The total size of the FLASH in Kbytes, as specified in the datasheet                 | 512

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`#define EXTERNAL_FLASH_SECTOR_SIZE`           | The sector size of the FLASH in bytes, as specified in the datasheet                 | `(4 * 1024)`
`#define EXTERNAL_FLASH_BLOCK_SIZE`            | The block size of the FLASH in bytes, as specified in the datasheet                  | `(64 * 1024)`
`#define EXTERNAL_FLASH_SIZE`                  | The total size of the FLASH in bytes, as specified in the datasheet                  | `(512 * 1024)`
```
